# Guess-pick-win!
Team name: Code for Good


Members of the team:

1.	Hasti Ghaneshirazi, hastigh@my.yorku.ca, Section N, Lab03.

2.	Helena Kamali, Helenakm@my.yorku.ca, Section M, Lab03.

3.	Saba Yazdani, sabayzdn@my.yorku.ca, Section M, Lab03.

4.	Mohammadmahdi Forouzan, mahdif@my.yorku.ca, Section M, Lab03




Project name: Guess, pick, win!

Short description: 
Everyone has considered themselves a lucky person at least once in their lifetime, but how long does their luck last? In our application, users can challenge their luck and see how far it will take them.
In this project, the computer picks a random number in a specified set of integers from 1 to any number that the user likes. The user has the opportunity to guess the selected number. The count of the highest correct answers in a row is the high score, and the goal is breaking your own record. The app will congratulate the user once they break the high score. If the user guesses incorrectly, the score will restart, and they can start again.

Requirements:


•	A number is received from the user and is compared to the one generated by the app.
•	Whether the guess was correct or not is shown to the user.
•	The user can get a hint in the middle of the game.
•	If the answer is incorrect the score will become zero.
•	After each guess, show the user’s score and announce if their answer is correct or incorrect.
•	Show an announcement once the user breaks the high score.
•	Add the user’s score to a high score list.
•	The scoreboard is shown on the main page of the app.
•	The progress is saved even after exiting the application.
•	Users can change the difficulty of the game number from the main menu or mid-game.
•	The user can decide between 3 difficulty levels that are responsible for changing the range of numbers.

